docs: clarify agent tool state options (#3754)
openai/openai-agents-python: docs/tools.md

### Customizing tool-agents

The `agent.as_tool` function is a convenience method to make it easy to turn an agent into a tool. It supports common runtime options such as `max_turns`, `run_config`, `hooks`, `previous_response_id`, `conversation_id`, `session`, and `needs_approval`. It also supports structured input with `parameters`, `input_builder`, and `include_input_schema`.

> The state options apply only to the nested agent run started by the tool call; they are not shared with the parent run's conversation state. Choose the same kind of state you would use with `Runner.run`: either client-managed `session` history, or server-managed `previous_response_id` / `conversation_id`, not both for the same nested run. For advanced orchestration (for example, conditional retries, fallback behavior, or chaining multiple agent calls), use `Runner.run` directly in your tool implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The state options configure the nested agent run started by the tool call; the parent run's conversation state is not inherited automatically. To share client-managed history between the parent and nested runs, explicitly pass the same `session` to both. As with `Runner.run`, choose one state strategy for the nested run: a client-managed `session`, or server-managed continuation through `previous_response_id` or `conversation_id`.
```
